Allow collaborators to self-assign issues (#2289)
huggingface/datasets: CONTRIBUTING.md

In order to facilitate healthy, constructive behavior in an open and inclusive community, we all respect and abide by 
our [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## How to work on an open Issue?
You have the list of open Issues at: https://github.com/huggingface/datasets/issues

Some of them may have the label `help wanted`: that means that any contributor is welcomed!

If you would like to work on any of the open Issues:

1. Make sure it is not already assigned to someone else. You have the assignee (if any) on the top of the right column of the Issue page.

> 1. You can self-assign it by commenting on the Issue page with one of the keywords: `#take` or `#self-assign`.
> 
> 1. Work on your self-assigned issue and eventually create a Pull Request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. You can self-assign it by commenting on the Issue page with one of the keywords: `#take` or `#self-assign`.

3. Work on your self-assigned issue and eventually create a Pull Request.

```

Author: Numbering of ordered lists is made automatically. The markdown symbol for each item in an ordered list is `1. `: https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/#syntax
😉
